Add back nonce (#5078)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

| Field                 | Type                                                                                              | Description                                                                                                                                                                 |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | content?\*            | string                                                                                            | Message contents (up to 2000 characters)                                                                                                                                    |
> | nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | Can be used to verify a message was sent                                                                                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| content?\*            | string                                                                                            | Message contents (up to 2000 characters)                                                                                                                                    |
| nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | Can be used to verify a message was sent (up to 25 charactesr)                                                                                      |
```

> | nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | a nonce that can be used for optimistic message sending (up to 25 characters)                                                                                               |

Author: ```suggestion
| nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | a nonce that can be used for message roundtrips with the gateway (up to 25 characters)                                                                                      |
```

> | nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | a nonce that can be used for message roundtrips with the gateway (up to 25 characters)                                                                                      |

Reviewer: It can be added back, but I'd suggest aligning the language closer with what's currently on the [message object](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#message-object).
```suggestion
| nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | Can be used to verify a message was sent                                                                                      |
```

> | nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | Can be used to verify a message was sent (up to 25 characters)                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: the 25 characters only makes sense for the string type, but nonce can also be and int

> | nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | Can be used to verify a message was sent (up to 25 characters)                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | only in the `MESSAGE_CREATE` event, can be used to verify a message was sent (up to 25 characters)                                                                                                              |
```

> | nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | Can be used to verify a message was sent (up to 25 characters)                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| nonce?                | integer or string                                                                                 | Can be used to verify a message was sent (up to 25 characters). Value will appear in the [Message Create event](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/message-create).
```
